DOCS-3655: Add account management info (#4052)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/reference/accounts.md

---
linkTitle: "Account Management"
title: "Account Management"
weight: 1000
layout: "docs"
type: "docs"
no_list: true
description: "Log in and out of your Viam account."
aliases:
  - /fleet/account/
  - /cloud/account/
---

> The [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/) is a web UI for managing and building machines.

Reviewer: I guess this is here for people who are being linked here from a link that says "Create a Viam app account and log in" or similar, so they know what they're signing up for. But, this sentence alone feels like it's not directly tied to the page contents. For example (just one idea off hand):
```suggestion
The [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/) is a web UI for managing and building machines.
To use the app, each user needs a free account.
Accounts can be [assigned access](/manage/manage/access/) to different groups of machines.
```

> ## Create account and log In

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create account and log in
```
[nit]

To get started on the Viam app, you must log in as an authorized user.

> Viam supports sign up using Google, GitHub, Apple, and email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Viam supports sign-up using Google, GitHub, Apple, and email.
```
[nit] the noun is hyphenated or one word

Navigate to [the main page](https://app.viam.com/).

> If you haven't created an account yet, click **Sign Up** to create a new account using your preferred Single Sign On method or your email address and a password.
> If you already have an account, click **Log In** to log in using your Single Sign On credentials or your email address and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't created an account yet, click **Sign Up** to create a new account using your preferred single sign on method or your email address and a password.
If you already have an account, click **Log In** to log in using your single sign on credentials or your email address and password.
```
[nit] It seems SSO is a more general concept rather than one company's product name

If you forget your password to the app, click **Forgot password** and enter your email address to obtain instructions to reset your password.

{{< alert title="Info" color="info" >}}
Accounts created from separate authentication sources are unique to each other.
{{< /alert >}}

<br>

## Sign out

> To log out or sign out of the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/), click on your profile icon in the upper right corner of your browser window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To log out of the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/), click on your profile icon in the upper right corner of your browser window.
```
redundant? but I like keeping at least one instance of "log out" since that's what I'd command F for

Click **Sign out** to sign out of accessing all organizations, locations, and machines your credentials manage.

## Delete account

To delete your account, you can contact Viam Support at [contact@viam.com](mailto:contact@viam.com).

Some important things to note:

- Account termination may result in the destruction of any associated content

> - If you delete your robot, organization, or account by mistake, contact [contact@viam.com](mailto:contact@viam.com) immediately - they will try to help but cannot guarantee recovery or restoration.

Reviewer: I think adding next steps with links to RBAC and to CLI authentication would be good

Author: We link to rbac at the top which is enough I think. For both that and the cli there's steps in between. Before rbac matters you'd need to create machines and organizations. And before using the cli you also very likely need to create a machine. 

I think any next steps after converting account deletion would be very strange.

Reviewer: Yeah now that we link to rbac all good there. I was just thinking someone might come to this page and wonder about other kinds of logins, so I should've suggested more of a see also reference to CLI auth, not a next step in a sequential way. Fair enough.

---
linkTitle: "Account Management"
title: "Account Management"
weight: 1000
layout: "docs"
type: "docs"
no_list: true
description: "Log in and out of your Viam account."
aliases:
  - /fleet/account/
  - /cloud/account/
---

The [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/) is a web UI for managing and building machines.

> To use the app, each user needs a free account.

Author: ```suggestion
To use the app, you need a free account.
```

> Accounts can be [assigned access](/manage/manage/access/) to different groups of machines.

Author: ```suggestion
Accounts can have [different permissions](/manage/manage/rbac/) to different groups of machines.
```

## Create account and log in

To get started on the Viam app, you must log in as an authorized user.
Viam supports sign-up using Google, GitHub, Apple, and email.

Navigate to [the main page](https://app.viam.com/).
If you haven't created an account yet, click **Sign Up** to create a new account using your preferred single sign-on method or your email address and a password.
If you already have an account, click **Log In** to log in using your single sign-on credentials or your email address and password.

If you forget your password to the app, click **Forgot password** and enter your email address to obtain instructions to reset your password.

{{< alert title="Info" color="info" >}}
Accounts created from separate authentication sources are unique to each other.
{{< /alert >}}

> <br>

Author: ```suggestion
Once you have logged in, get started by [creating a machine](/operate/get-started/setup/).
```
